[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a post-apocalyptic
action film
water world spoiler ahead watch out and
take care
in the year 2500 due the global climate
change on earth
the polarized caps start to melt down
resulting in the rising of sea levels
and submerging of all the continents
together with a highly evolved human
civilization
after the catastrophe the remaining
human survivors have to crowd on some
floating man-made facilities
and struggle to continue their dying
civilization which has retreated to the
primitive stage
for getting long since what the land
looks like though people believe that
there's a mythological dry land above
water
somewhere in the endless ocean and thus
keeps searching the way to the lost land
the mariner kevin lives alone far away
from the human community
and survives the harsh environment at
the vast sea by purifying his urine into
fresh water during the drought days
for himself and the lemon tree as well
besides his survival skills
kevin is also good at fighting tends to
show no tolerance to those
who try to approach his property for
damage and robbery
someday he stops a thief who tries to
steal his lemons
and leaves the thief behind to the
coming barbarous smokers
a gang of pirates in the ocean world
later that day kevin arrives at an
artificial floating island
attempting to trade for some supplies
the residents inside
who refused to let him in at the
beginning open the gate for kevin
after noticing that he gets a big jar of
dirt the most valuable currency in the
water world
inside the island kevin is soon
surrounded by curious people
who are astonished by such a large
amount of dirt he possesses
and wonder how he can get that after the
negotiation
kevin sells the soil for some fresh
water in a tomato plant
but right before his leaving the
community leader stops the dirt rich guy
kevin
and asks him to impregnate his horny
daughter believing that kevin's also
rich in hormones
kevin however believes that he's here to
trade dirt
rather than his cheap hormones he then
refuses such a ridiculous proposal
and is about to leave with his supplies
unhappy by the refusal
and suspecting kevin's hormone condition
the leader sends his men to take control
of kevin for a body check
but is shocked to find that kevin is
actually a mutant evolved with gills and
webbed feet
which would allow him to live underwater
for a long time
in fear of any potential threat to the
pure human society
they put kevin in confinement and want
to execute the mutant man
they've met for the first time but right
then that the smokers approached the
floating island
and launched their attacks on the fence
attempting to break in with the heavy
machine gunshots
under the violent attack the smoker soon
break through its defense system
and the panicked residents have to run
for their lives without any effective
resistance
meanwhile kevin is knocked down in the
cage and about to submerge
entirely into the muddy water
fortunately a girl hera comes to rescue
him timely
in exchange for kevin to help her and
her daughter escape the island
after release from the cage kevin takes
his boat and rushes out with the tube
while doing his best to avoid the deadly
gunfires
before his leaving kevin tricks the
smokers into shooting at their own ships
causing one of their ships to be blown
up and entering their boss
after their successful escape kevin
turns unhappy towards hera and her
daughter
considering that the two are just a huge
burden to him where they would share his
fresh water
and slow down the ship later he gets to
know that hera was supposed to escape
with her father in a gas balloon
which however was released too early so
hera and her daughter were left behind
and the little girl who shows her talent
in painting is actually hera's adopted
daughter
with a mysterious tattoo on her back
which is believed to be the road map to
the legendary dry land
but it seems that nobody can read the
map and find the land
on the other side soon after taking all
control of the island
the smokers begin to torture the
residents for the little girl
for they also hear the rumor about the
road map to dry land
however they later get to know that the
said little girl has been taken by kevin
who's the exact guy just escaping out
and entering the boss
in rage the boss orders his men to hunt
cabin at all costs
moments later kevin encounters a drifter
who shows him a piece of paper
and asks to exchange it for a fast
hormone game with hera
kevin believes that it's a pretty good
deal and gives the man two minutes for
the game
in exchange he promises to allow hera
and her daughter to stay down
without better choice hera has to accept
the deal
to her surprise kevin later cancels the
deal
and forces the man to leave who however
gets upset by the interruption
during the following confrontation the
poor man is killed
with all his supplies taken but his
fully loaded hormones
in the next few days however as their
relationship grows in a joint effort to
find their food supplies
kevin changes his negative attitudes
towards the two
and turns to accept them on his boat
later they visit a food exchange station
which has already been taken control
by the smokers but fortunately kevin
notices something weird before boarding
the station
so he rushes away by use of the wind
power but gets shot on his back
knowing that the smokers keep chasing
them for the mysterious road map
and that hera is still obsessed with the
so-called dry land
kevin decides to show hera what happened
to the actual land
he then provides her with a diving bell
and dives with her underwater
taking her all the way to the ocean
floor and showing her the remains of a
submerged human city
made of cement and concrete where he
collects the dirt
hera is shocked by the submerged land
and human city
while kevin believes that human
civilization has all been destroyed
and there's no dry land all in such a
water world
however when they surface to their boat
they only find that they've been
surrounded by the smokers
who come to search for the little girl
during the chaos
kevin takes the chance to dive
underwater with hera to avoid the attack
and helps her breathe making them stay
long enough to prevent the capture
however by the time they come out from
the underwater they only find that the
boat is burned to pieces by the smokers
and what's worse the little girl has
been taken away
while drifting on the sea and not
knowing what to do next
kevin and hera are luckily saved by the
coming gas balloon
which later brings them to a small ship
inhabited by the survivors
being saved though kevin insists on
risking his life to rescue the little
girl
out who's taken to the smoker's camp
while the smokers are busy studying on
the tattoo on her back
hoping to find the location of dry land
but to no success
not long after that he traces down and
comes to the smoker's floating camp
which is powered by man labor kevin
manages to board the deck
and threatens to blow up the iron camp
the boss however refuses to release the
little girl
for he believes that kevin would kill
himself and doesn't dare to do that
without any hesitation kevin drops a
flare into the oil tank
and sets off a huge blast immediately
causing the whole camp to catch fire
and start to sink the boss tries to
escape the danger in a jet
taking the little girl with him kevin
soon locates the boss
and drags him down before he can take
off from the ground
with a little girl rescued kevin manages
to board the balloon via the rope
and kicks off the coming boss into the
water who later gets killed by the ship
explosion
sometime later the old man identifies
the coordinates tattooed on the girl's
back
following the map they cover a long
journey before finally reaching their
dream dry land
the top of mount everest they search the
land
and find a cottage on a hill where they
see the same paintings
and the remains of two human bodies who
they believe are the girl's parents
it's shown that the parents tattooed the
road map on her daughter
and sent her out before their death
hoping that someday people in the water
world
could find the way to the last land
in the final scene believing that he
does not belong on dry land
kevin gives hera a non-hormone goodbye
kiss
and sails back alone to his familiar
water world
as hera and the little girl bit him
farewell in the far distance
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out